README.md, before:

# Dogfooding the RunFromPackage Feature

>Checking user scenarios for Run-From-Package feature

## Setting up for local dev

1. Looked around online for 30 minutes on how to start a local project for a JS function
    - Visual Studio document only had C# templates
    - VS Code document wouldn’t allow Zip deployment
    - __"Download app content" button is broken__ (on Edge and Chrome)
1. Eventually found [this](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-first-azure-function-azure-cli) 
1. Install Azure Functions core tools
1. Create project with CLI
1. Editing with VS Code
1. Add logic for HTTP arguments
    - Imaginary scenarios where the user may write to the read-only directories

## Zip Deploy

1. Found [this doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/deployment-zip-push) in the lefthand navigation pane while reading the doc in step 2 above
    - Easy to find, right under "Deploy" section
1. Deploy using:
    ```
    $username = '$username'
    $password = "password"
    $filePath = "C:\Users\jafreebe\Desktop\rfp_test.zip"
    $apiUrl = "https://freebergrunfrompackage.scm.azurewebsites.net/api/zipdeploy"
    $base64AuthInfo = [Convert]::ToBase64String([Text.Encoding]::ASCII.GetBytes(("{0}:{1}" -f $username, $password)))
    $userAgent = "powershell/1.0"
    Invoke-RestMethod -Uri $apiUrl -Headers @{Authorization=("Basic {0}" -f $base64AuthInfo)} -UserAgent $userAgent -Method POST -InFile $filePath -ContentType "multipart/form-data"
    ```
1. Then I find there is an option to [run from the deployment package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/deployment-zip-push#run-functions-from-the-deployment-package)
1. Remove my deployed functions from the app so I can redploy with the new setting
1. I go into the portal and add the environment variable `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` to `1`.
1. Redploy with the same command in step 2
1. See that the portal indicates the function is now "Read-Only"
    ![Read only shown in portal.](imgs/portal_read_only.JPG)
1. **However**, the functions are not shown in the portal. The zip **is** visible under `/home/data/sitePackages/` but _there is no way of knowing that the deployment was successful from the Portal_.
    ![Console output](imgs/console-output.JPG)

## Run from package

1. 

## Notes

- Finding the first document for initial, local development was very difficult
    - Specifically to use JS development __and__  zip deployment
- **Add to TSG**:
    - If a Windows user right-clicks their project and "Sends to compressed folder", this will add an extra level of nesting and break the feature. This should be called out in the docs or fixed. 
    - Possible bug, If a user...
        1. Deploys a .zip to a function app **without WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE=1**
        1. Then deletes it
        1. Changes the env variable
        1. Re-deploys
        - Then the function app will not recognize the .zip

Commit message:

updated function logic to throw errors

README.md, after:

# Dogfooding the RunFromPackage Feature

>Checking user scenarios for Run-From-Package feature

## Setting up for local dev

1. Looked around online for 30 minutes on how to start a local project for a JS function
    - Visual Studio document only had C# templates
    - VS Code document wouldn’t allow Zip deployment
    - __"Download app content" button is broken__ (on Edge and Chrome)
1. Eventually found [this](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-first-azure-function-azure-cli) 
1. Install Azure Functions core tools
1. Create project with CLI
1. Editing with VS Code
1. Add logic for HTTP arguments
    - Imaginary scenarios where the user may write to the read-only directories

## Zip Deploy

1. Found [this doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/deployment-zip-push) in the lefthand navigation pane while reading the doc in step 2 above
    - Easy to find, right under "Deploy" section
1. Deploy using:
    ```
    $username = '$username'
    $password = "password"
    $filePath = "C:\Users\jafreebe\Desktop\rfp_test.zip"
    $apiUrl = "https://freebergrunfrompackage.scm.azurewebsites.net/api/zipdeploy"
    $base64AuthInfo = [Convert]::ToBase64String([Text.Encoding]::ASCII.GetBytes(("{0}:{1}" -f $username, $password)))
    $userAgent = "powershell/1.0"
    Invoke-RestMethod -Uri $apiUrl -Headers @{Authorization=("Basic {0}" -f $base64AuthInfo)} -UserAgent $userAgent -Method POST -InFile $filePath -ContentType "multipart/form-data"
    ```
1. Then I find there is an option to [run from the deployment package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/deployment-zip-push#run-functions-from-the-deployment-package)
1. Remove my deployed functions from the app so I can redploy with the new setting
1. I go into the portal and add the environment variable `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` to `1`.
1. Redploy with the same command in step 2
1. See that the portal indicates the function is now "Read-Only"
    ![Read only shown in portal.](imgs/portal_read_only.JPG)
1. **However**, the functions are not shown in the portal. The zip **is** visible under `/home/data/sitePackages/` but _there is no way of knowing that the deployment was successful from the Portal_.
    ![Console output](imgs/console-output.JPG)

## Run from package

1. Portal UI reminds the user that the App is now ready-only and their function is being run from a package
1. When I run the functions that are supposed to throw errors...

## Notes

- Finding the first document for initial, local development was very difficult
    - Specifically to use JS development __and__  zip deployment
- **Add to TSG**:
    - If a Windows user right-clicks their project and "Sends to compressed folder", this will add an extra level of nesting and break the feature. This should be called out in the docs or fixed. 
    - Possible bug, If a user...
        1. Deploys a .zip to a function app **without WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE=1**
        1. Then deletes it
        1. Changes the env variable
        1. Re-deploys
        ... Then the function app will not recognize the .zip
